Be quiet and don't shout
Did you hear that Wu Tian is the illegitimate son of the teacher?
Go to Lao Tzu's turf to make trouble
No wonder Lijiang was beaten so badly
Stop talking, let's hurry up and find Wu Tian
Find him for me again
It will be too late
Then tell me a number.
How much more do you need?
I'll tell you the surname Wu
I won't eat your food even if I die of thirst and starvation
Don't implicate the old lady
Godmother, what are you doing out here?
Go back to me, Brother Wu, you are back.
I'm going back
I want to go out and meet Brother Wu
You little hoof
If you don't see a man for a while, you will be in a hurry.
Give me back
Brother Wu Brother Wu
Come on out!
You came out and our boss gave you face, didn't you?
Forget it, Xiaohua
Since he doesn't want to marry a daughter
We don't force it
Go back to the owner's right
What kind of woman in our employer can't marry?
Walk home
Hey Wu Shao Wu Shao
Walk slowly, these are some fabrics from the villain's house
If you don't mind, please ask for a film.
Wu Shao, this is my treasured wine
Please accept it too
Wu Shao's little girl is a big girl with yellow flowers
My first night
Please accept it and wait a minute.
That that
No merit, no reward
You suddenly gave me a gift
What's the reason?
Wu Shao, these are some thoughts of the big guy
Just take it
What's missing, just ask